Summary:  
The paper presents automatic dataset generation for 3D object pose
estimators for autonomous driving system. Overall, the proposed
approach is simple and interesting, but it seems that the experimental
results do not adequately demonstrate the effectiveness on the
addressed issue of dataset scalability. The reviewer suggest that the
authors should clarify the technical contributions of the prposed
method and consider corresponding experiments and evaluations.

Major comments:
The main interest of the paper seems to be the scale of the training
dataset in self-annotation. The author carefully describes the
challenges in self-annotation in the first half of Section III, but
there are some insufficinecy for the presentation of solution to these
challenges nor the experimental results. 

The authors are evaluating accuracy with respect to depth and rotation
of the detected objects, but it is difficult to determine if the
degradeation of the accuracy arises from the insufficience of the
annotation of the dataset. Moreover, this approach is supposed to cause
a reduction in recall rate because first prediction is conducted with
high confidence threshold, but the authors make no discussion of this.
As a result, the proposed method seems to address the fine-tuning
problem, not dataset scalability.

The reviewer hope that a more experiments and detailed evaluation in
terms of dataset scalabilities will clarify the contributions of the
proposed method

On the other hand, considering this approach as a method to generate
dataset for improving accuracy through fine-tuning, it succeeds in
creating a highly accurate data set by projecting the results of highly
accurate object recognition onto a global map and associating them with
labels. It was thought that a method of creating a high-precision
dataset for 3D pose estimation, rather than scaling the dataset, would
reveal more about the contributions.

Minor comments:
Fig. 1 is not mentioned in the text.
