Summary : 
*  The author proposes to exploit the temporal information to better
distill the 3D knowledge. The distillation is achieved by optimizing
the global map of object detection landmarks similar to the pose graph
slam. The method is validated on the KITTI dataset using anchor
distance metrics.

Presentation:
*  Fig2 “the depth failure” is not clear. the author could show the
depth map along the images.
*  I could not see the benefits of the reasoning behind eq(2). The
author also has stated Eq(3) is no different from eq(1).


Strengths:
*  The proposed method is interesting, simple and well-motivated. By
constructing a global landmark map similar to SLAM methods, the
self-annotation could be corrected and learning based on this new
self-annotated dataset is no longer bounded by the teacher network.

*  The experiments are reproducible as the authors have specified
the dataset splits, the newtork, the optimization and data association
assumptions.

Concerns:
*  While the baseline model is bounded by the original annotated
dataset, the proposed method is bounded by more challenging problems
such as moving objects, pose drifts, occlusion handling, landmark
associations which explains the minor improvements.

*  As several detections were accumulated for a single image, the
long distance objects are expected to have better performances, However
the results reported in table III shows that the performances are
slightly inferior than the baseline. The authors explain that this is
due to the elimination of these objects in the self-annotated dataset.
From what I understand the global map contains only static objects ( as
stated in C. Global Map Building).  Does this mean that the proposed
method also eliminates moving objects and overlapping objects for
better data association. and how the method handles data association
and object pose in these challenging situations ?

*  The method is proposed to improve the 3D object annotation, however
the evaluation was performed only on the depth anchor of the objects
despite having an 3D and 2D annotation ground truth for KITTI dataset.
Fig2 show only the qualitative performances obtained by optimizing the
map. As the hand-annotated 2D and 3D ground truth are available for
KITTI dataset, It will be very beneficial for completeness and clarity
of the paper to consider the facto metrics such as AP of the annotation
along the anchor distance.

Conclusion :
*  Although the method is very interesting as the student network is
not bounded by the teacher. The performances are now bounded by the
optimization of the global landmark and its simplification assumptions.
As a result the reported performances show only minor improvements. I
consider the paper for a revision by addressing better the optimization
challenges and their effects and evaluating the obtained annotations on
the de facto detection metrics such as mAP. 
